{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;
\f3\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red26\green26\blue26;\red0\green0\blue109;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww25100\viewh14200\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Introduction:
\f1\b0\fs24 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Given the data included in this archive, please answer the following questions. For each question you should include the code you used to answer it as well as an explanation of your thought process and any issues you encountered when working through the data.\
\
For the bonus question, feel free to use any toolset you\'92re comfortable with, just make sure to include your results, not just your code.\
\
This data is not real and was invented for the purposes of this exercise.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\partightenfactor0

\b\fs44 \cf0 General Purpose
\f2\fs32 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs28 \cf3 Indeed routes leads to the sales team based on the potential quality of each lead. The system predicts the potential value of each lead and assigns out the leads from highest to lowest probability until each sales rep has a full sales book. Given the attached data set that shows leads that were assigned and never assigned, estimate the incremental impact the sales reps had on revenue. In other words, how much would these leads have spent if there were no sales intervention?
\f0 \cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Question 1\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs28 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
How many leads are represented in this dataset? Please describe both the assigned and unassigned populations.\
What is the average revenue of each group?
\f1\fs24 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Question 2\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs28 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
What are the most important metrics to consider in this data set? Why?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\qr\partightenfactor0

\f3 \cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Question 3\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs28 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Analyze any existing relationship between account age and revenue, through visualization and/or other means.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\qr\partightenfactor0

\f3 \cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Question 4\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs28 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
What is the incremental value from assigning a lead to the sales team?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\qr\partightenfactor0

\f3 \cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Bonus Question\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs28 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Investigate the data however you like and discuss any interesting insights you can find in the data\
(Don\'92t feel pressured to spend hours on this)}